Added faction "Continent of Pendor". Has 18 cities from the mount and blade: Warband module "prophesy of pendor". Uses Spacedoutchicken's resources from Upside Down and Wakanda.
Added building "found Knighthood orders". Gives everything and is the building you'll probably build first due to it's cost not to mention it's boosts.
Added wonder "number one under heaven competition". Faction ultimate. Comes with a free unit plus golden age to boost your troops. Has amazing synergy with Autocracy completed and its recommended that you time policy and wonder to finish at roughly the same time to receive the certain bonuses, so you can finally deliver the coup de grâce to your enemies right after. Freedom is also good but Autocracy gives much better power. Though Freedom completed bonus can be depended on for much longer fights and campaigns and is more permanent than the autocratic one which only lasts for 50 turns.
Added unit "Villager". An all in one civilian unit used to expand domain, build land improvements and found cities. Slightly more expensive than a common worker but much more useful.
Added unit "Heavy Armored PikeAxeMan-at-Arms". Conscripted villagers used to garrison cities. Is upgraded from your the faction's unique worker unit to instantly respond to threats.
Added unit "Order Grandmasters", the unique unit that comes with the faction wonder. Has amazing stats and its only weakness is inability to capture cities.
Added unit "Foot knights and sergeants", factional infantry, great in battles, but works even greater when used to capture cities.
Added unit "Heavy knights and sergeants", factional cavalry, use them to destroy weakened enemies. Works exceptionally well with the Mounted rangers and sergeants.
Added unit "Mounted Rangers and sergeants", factional mounted ranged skirmishers, fast, mobile, and very scary. They do well with their heavy counterparts, for both have same max movement points and the rangers will wound the enemies so the heavies can finish them off.
Added tile improvement "Order Stronghold". The ultimate improvement, gives everything, can be built everywhere except for resource tiles.
